no I just heard it it's trying to get my
house I'm filming this is going on
YouTube this is going you can get yo kit
this is gravy like gala dude this is
great
oh is it alright bye hi hi oh god that's
a big motherfucker I'm gonna keep it in
the window and go to the new store no
let's put the bag or something yeah what
am I supposed to do it where the Bob
steady bus wait okay wait wait wait we
can do something like jumping out on a
girl in my house there's a girl in my
house put in a jacket and put in a
jacket well I'll get the jacket okay
I'll get another jacket
I'll get another jacket okay but I'm
like how am I gonna get it out of the
blinds okay wait I gotta take this
though this is hilarious it's a squirrel
in the house okay let's just be calm and
you become look all right give me a
jacket I'll touch it you're not gonna
touch this damn thing I will grab that
shit my tail down at the house bet you
I'm oh oh it is that's like bad hi mr.
squirrel showing out how about you stay
there
Elise is that rabies how do you know cuz
it would have been trying to get at you
not out there trying to attack you
alright you know what I'm gonna try to
open up the window wait let's see we can
open the window yeah how is gonna open
up the window you're gonna reach in
there with it okay
he wants to get out we're gonna help it
wait wait
little man you go where you came from
fuck yeah yeah goodbye
go go go go this is crazy
scroll in the fucking house yeah get out
get out no not go down homie you came in
from down go down go down homie look
there's an exit this freedom fuck me go
oh shit no no all right I will get us no
jacket